War Engines first pass (#28)
GameBrains/er-core: modules/special-rules/pages/war-engine-critical-damage.adoc

* *6*: The hit causes critical damage.
Make a 2D6 roll on the Critical Damage Table on the War Engine unit's data sheet, to find out what happens.

> The Critical Damage Table describes what additional effect the hit has.
> // IJW editing note: I've removed the references to locations, as a number of critical results (notable 'Fire' on Gargants and others, and Stunned, Deep Wound etc. on Biotitans) are not associated with a specific location.

Reviewer: Like it — more universal, and more concise. Just tidy-up to do here.
```suggestion
The Critical Damage Table describes what additional effect the hit has.
```

Mark this as appropriate and apply the rules for the Immobilised condition while it remains in effect.

Some results indicate that the effect only lasts 'until repaired'.

> You may attempt to repair each repairable critical result on your War Engine at the appropriate step in the Rally phase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may attempt to repair each repairable critical damage effect on your War Engine at the appropriate step in the Rally phase.
```
